{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch13\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang4105\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}SimSun{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f37\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}@SimSun;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f48\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f54\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f170\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}{\f410\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 @SimSun Western;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang4105\langfe2052\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp2052 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11886834}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\author Francis Brazeau}{\operator Francis Brazeau}{\creatim\yr2004\mo3\dy11\hr19\min54}{\revtim\yr2004\mo3\dy11\hr20\min35}{\version2}{\edmins41}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1071}{\nofchars6106}{\nofcharsws7163}
{\vern16437}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot11886834 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang4105\langfe2052\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp4105\langfenp2052 {\f36\insrsid11886834 
\par }{\b\i\f36\fs28\insrsid11886834 \hich\af36\dbch\af13\loch\f36 Mannux Design Doc}{\b\f36\insrsid11886834 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Misc notes:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 -Tabby's health and energy are increased periodically, by gaining levels, and after defeating bosses.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 -Tabby won't have any energy until she finds her first special ability that uses it.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
-The game starts on a space station built inside of an asteroid. This area contains mostly cargo and docking areas, hydroponics bays and workers quarters as well as power generators. Many areas of the station use the existing caverns to connect rooms. Thi
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  part of the game is fairly linear compared to when you take the space elevator down to the surface.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Weaponry:}{\f1\fs20\ul\insrsid11886834 
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Guns:}{\f1\fs20\ul\insrsid11886834 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [P309 Pulse Sidearm]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Found: Starting weapon.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Tabby's first weapon, it will likely be her main projectile weapon for some time. It has m\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
edium firing rate and does average damage to most living enemies, but does little damage to machines and ethereal enemies. However, it has umlimited ammunition.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Shotgun]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Found: On a dead crewman. 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Tabby will find this weapon fairly soon after the power \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
has been turned on. High damage to anything live, but obviously with a low rate of fire. Average to little damage to machines, and ineffective against ethereals. Ammunition required.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Flamethrower]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Found: Undetermined
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Fires a steady steam of flame. A dev\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 astating weapon against living things, once set aflame they will quickly burn to their deaths. Ineffective against machines and ethereals. Ammunition required.

\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Lightning Gun]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Found: Undetermined
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
A fun weapon, it will automatically strike the closest enemy with a steady beam of electricity, shocking it to death. Shocked enemies, if not already dead when the beam is released, will have a recovery time before they can attack again. This weapon disab
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 l\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 es most mechanical enemies,  but does average damage to ethereals. It drains its energy quickly, but gradually recharges on its own.it has a range of about a third of the screen.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Rocket Launcher]
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Found: Undetermined
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Self-explanatory weapon. :D
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Grenades\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [[
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Melee weapons:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Dirac Blade]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Found: Weapons depot
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 An experimental weapon, its energy blade can slice through most enemies with ease, including ethereals. It is capable of destroying certain walls and objects, revealing new paths to take. Its only \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
disadvantage is its relatively short range, and constant use can drain its energy reserves. (Might be needed for balance?)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Sword of Damocles]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Found: Undetermined
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 A living extension of her own arm, which Tabby can use to suck the life out of anything liv\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
ing and add it to her own, usually killing them instantly unless they are particularily strong. Does average damage to ethereal enemies, but cannot steal life from them. Ineffective against machines. Killing enough enemies charges up the sword's blood met
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 r, and when it is full, Tabby can perform a super powerful attack. (Dunno what yet)
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Special Abilities:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Passive Abilities:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  These do not consume energy and are always active.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Double Jump]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 As the name states, Tabby can jump once more while in the air.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Regeneration]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Tabby will slowly regenerate life over time.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Increased Energy Regeneration]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Increases how fast energy is recovered.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Enhanced Skin]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Reduces enemy damage, and allows Tabby to survive in harsh environments, including radioactive areas an\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 d the vaccuum of space.
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Active abilties: }{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Increased Speed]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Basically a speed booster.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Ethereal Form]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 While in this form, Tabby can not be hurt by physical attacks, and can pass through things such as grates. She is not completely invulnerable though\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
, as energy and non-physical attacks may still damage her. Reduces energy gradually.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Flight]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Tabby can fly for a limited time with this ability. Drains energy quickly while in use. Maybe with pretty angel-wing particle effects :D
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Time control] 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Tabby can slow time down for her enemies.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Teleportation]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Tabby can teleport a short distance. 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Energy Pulse]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Fires pulses of energy from her fingertips, consuming energy. It is the best weapon she has against ethereals so far. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Enemies:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Zombie] \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Dead crewmen reanimated by.. whatever's gone wrong in this place. :P Takes a few hits to die.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Critter] Small, but fast and annoying creature that normally keeps to itself unless it feels threatened, then it attacks quickly and fiercely. Easily killed, ho\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 wever.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [Security robot] A simple drone on wheels with a pair blasters, shooting with a high rate of fire. Tabby will have to be swift to dodge and destroy it, as it is armored and will take some time to be destroyed. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\ul\insrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Notes:
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <malis|gta> what'd be really cool is one of those vine growing effects
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <malis|gta> where vines grow really fast in all directions and leaves and flowers spout out (only with creatures)
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> why don't we make tabby's attacking abilities affect ALL weap\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ons, but in a different way for each.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> even the guns
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> Rather, it's like enchanting a sword or something....except she's enchanting her guns as well
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> Er... :o
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> hmmm...
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> mayhaps..
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> dunno though
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> I'd kinda rath\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 er them be independant
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> hrm
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> you mean we don't want to turn any weapon into a "charging" weapon?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> or allow tabby to shoot through walls?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> or even make the gun float besider her and fire while she's using the sword? ;)
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 can we put movable objects in maps?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> they'd be entities, yep
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> you mean like boxes you can push? I don't see why not
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> for example, putting an explosive cannister somewhere and you have to push it up to some wall and blow it up?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 hmm...yeah
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> not just boxes, but all kinds of things.  Perhaps even stuff you can pick up :o
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> just to temporarily move.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> it'd make for some really good puzzles
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> Yeah :)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatch> It'd certainly help cement Mannux with its own additional uniqueness :)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> and I suppose we could do ice that the flamethrower could melt
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <andy> for mannux's skills
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <andy> you should replace energy pulse with something that makes tabitha's at\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 tacks (with whatever weapon) affect etherials only.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <andy> It's unusual enough to make thinking a good idea, and allows it to be used to unlock different areas as well.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <andy> I was thinking they should mostly augment her mobility and existing attacks.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <H\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 atchet> the obvious choices for the others would be an ice beam and some kind of railgun
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatchet> we could make a boss where you're fighting in front of a cracking window.. every time the boss smashes it cracks a little more
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatchet> so if you don't kil\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 l it fast enough the glass eventually shatters
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Ear\{writing\}> It'd make sense for them to attack "other" zombies randomly too.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <SimBen> Hey, they could attack each other too...
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [23:04:13] <Dugie@jabber.org> make it so if youre jumping forward
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [23:04:16] \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Dugie@jabber.org> and do a roll
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 [23:04:22] <Dugie@jabber.org> that you come out of the jump running
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11886834 {\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834\charrsid11886834 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Thrasher> Make it so she can cling to walls.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Thrasher> Or at least slide down them like in megaman.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <corey> that might be a power she gets later
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatchet> Hmm. 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Hatchet> Thrasher: She could cling to edges, but not walls
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 <Thrasher> Are some of her weapons biological? She could shoot sticky stuff onto the walls and stick to it or something.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834\charrsid11886834 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid11886834 
\par }}